README.md, before:

#unveil.js
###A very lightweight plugin to lazy load images for jQuery or Zepto.js



Most of us are familiar with the [Lazy Load](http://www.appelsiini.net/projects/lazyload) plugin by [Mika Tuupola](http://www.appelsiini.net/).
This plugin is very useful and it boosts performance delaying loading of images in long web pages because images outside of viewport (visible part of web page) won't be loaded until the user scrolls to them.
Lazy Load has some cool options such as custom effects, container, events or data attribute. If you're not gonna use any of them you can reduce the file size by leaving just the essential code to show the images.
That's what I did and this is my lightweight version of Lazy Load with support for serving high-resolution images to devices with retina displays - less than 1k.

Visit unveil's [project page](http://luis-almeida.github.com/unveil/) to read the documentation and see the demo.



#### Usage
Use a placeholder image in the src attribute - something to be displayed while the original image loads - and include the actual image source in a "data-src" attribute.
If you want to serve high-resolution images to devices with retina displays, you just have to include the source for those images in a "data-src-retina" attribute.
You don't need to include a "data-src-retina" attribute in all the image tags, unveil is smart enough to fallback to "data-src" or even do nothing in case there isn't any "data-src" specified.
```html
<img src="bg.png" data-src="img1.jpg" />
<img src="bg.png" data-src="img2.jpg" data-src-retina="img2-retina.jpg" />
```
If you care about users without javascript enabled, you can include the original image inside a ```noscript``` tag:
```html
<noscript>
  <img src="img1.jpg" />
</noscript>
```
Run the script on document ready:
```javascript
$(document).ready(function() {
  $("img").unveil();
});
```



###Threshold
By default, images are only loaded and "unveiled" when the user scrolls to them and they became visible on the screen.
If you want your images to load earlier than that, lets say 200px before they appear on the screen, you just have to:
```javascript
$("img").unveil(200);
```


###Callback
As a second parameter you can also specify a callback function that will fire after an image as been "unveiled".
Inside the callback function ```this``` refers to the image's DOM node, so with the help of CSS3 (or jQuery animations) and by attaching a simple load event you can easily add some fancy entrance animation to your images:
```css
img {
  opacity: 0;
  transition: opacity .3s ease-in;
}
```
```javascript
$("img").unveil(200, function() {
  $(this).load(function() {
    this.style.opacity = 1;
  });
});
```



###Trigger
You can still trigger image loading whenever you need.
All you have to do is select the images you want to "unveil" and trigger the event:
```javascript
$("img").trigger("unveil");
```



###Demo
Visit [project page](http://luis-almeida.github.com/unveil/) to see it working.



###Browser support
Compatible with All Browsers and IE7+.


###License
Unveil is licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Add scrollBox argument to support scroll bars other than window

README.md, after:

#unveil.js
###A very lightweight plugin to lazy load images for jQuery or Zepto.js



Most of us are familiar with the [Lazy Load](http://www.appelsiini.net/projects/lazyload) plugin by [Mika Tuupola](http://www.appelsiini.net/).
This plugin is very useful and it boosts performance delaying loading of images in long web pages because images outside of viewport (visible part of web page) won't be loaded until the user scrolls to them.
Lazy Load has some cool options such as custom effects, container, events or data attribute. If you're not gonna use any of them you can reduce the file size by leaving just the essential code to show the images.
That's what I did and this is my lightweight version of Lazy Load with support for serving high-resolution images to devices with retina displays - less than 1k.

Visit unveil's [project page](http://luis-almeida.github.com/unveil/) to read the documentation and see the demo.



#### Usage
Use a placeholder image in the src attribute - something to be displayed while the original image loads - and include the actual image source in a "data-src" attribute.
If you want to serve high-resolution images to devices with retina displays, you just have to include the source for those images in a "data-src-retina" attribute.
You don't need to include a "data-src-retina" attribute in all the image tags, unveil is smart enough to fallback to "data-src" or even do nothing in case there isn't any "data-src" specified.
```html
<img src="bg.png" data-src="img1.jpg" />
<img src="bg.png" data-src="img2.jpg" data-src-retina="img2-retina.jpg" />
```
If you care about users without javascript enabled, you can include the original image inside a ```noscript``` tag:
```html
<noscript>
  <img src="img1.jpg" />
</noscript>
```
Run the script on document ready:
```javascript
$(document).ready(function() {
  $("img").unveil();
});
```



###Threshold
By default, images are only loaded and "unveiled" when the user scrolls to them and they became visible on the screen.
If you want your images to load earlier than that, lets say 200px before they appear on the screen, you just have to:
```javascript
$("img").unveil(200);
```


###Callback
As a second parameter you can also specify a callback function that will fire after an image as been "unveiled".
Inside the callback function ```this``` refers to the image's DOM node, so with the help of CSS3 (or jQuery animations) and by attaching a simple load event you can easily add some fancy entrance animation to your images:
```css
img {
  opacity: 0;
  transition: opacity .3s ease-in;
}
```
```javascript
$("img").unveil(200, function() {
  $(this).load(function() {
    this.style.opacity = 1;
  });
});
```

###Options
As a third parameter you can also specifiy additional options that configure the lazy loading.

####Search Box
`scrollBox` is a jQuery DOM reference that points to the HTML element that contains the scroll bar.  Remember CSS can apply a scroll bar to any HTML element, so this allows more advanced designs to be supported.

Default is the window object which is the default browser scroll bar

```css
.myscroller { position: absolute; overflow: scroll; overflow-x: hidden; top: 0; right: 0; bottom: 0; left: 0;}
```
```javascript
$(container).unveil(undefined, undefined { "scrollBox": $(".myscroller") });
```

###Trigger
You can still trigger image loading whenever you need.
All you have to do is select the images you want to "unveil" and trigger the event:
```javascript
$("img").trigger("unveil");
```



###Demo
Visit [project page](http://luis-almeida.github.com/unveil/) to see it working.



###Browser support
Compatible with All Browsers and IE7+.


###License
Unveil is licensed under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
